gh-134908: protect ``textiowrapper_iternext`` with critical section (#134910)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-05-30-15-56-19.gh-issue-134908.3a7PxM.rst

> Protect ``textiowrapper_iternext`` with a critical section.

Reviewer: I don't think most readers of news will know what this function is. Could this be reframed for someone not familiar with CPython internals? 

Maybe something like "Improve thread safety of iterating lines when reading a text file"

Author: How about "Make iterating over lines in a text file thread safe in free threading"?

> Make iterating over lines in a text file thread safe in free threading.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix crash when iterating over lines in a text file thread safe on the :term:`free threaded <free threading>` build.
```

> Fix crash when iterating over lines in a text file thread safe on the :term:`free threaded <free threading>` build.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fix crash when iterating over lines in a text file on the :term:`free threaded <free threading>` build.
```
